# 🏢 Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) System
Description:
The Entreprise Resource Planning (ERP) system is a system for managing financial and human resources in institutions. Among its core modules are:
1. Employee management: storage of employee details including personal information and professional employment details.
2. Payroll management system: managing employee compensation by calculating salary based on rules and regulations indicating taxes, deductions and base salary.
The pension rate is changed from 3% to 6%, with this new rate the ERPshould be upgraded to use these new rates for computing new salaries.

Tasks:
 . Develop a backend for ERP starting from payroll and employee management with these features in tables:
1. employee: code(id), first name, last name, email, password, roles, mobile, date of birth, status ( active, disabled)
2. employement: code(id), employee Id, department, position, base salary, status (active, inactive), joining date
3. deductions: code(id), deduction name, percentage,
4. pay slip; id, employee, house, transport, employee taxed amount, pension, medical insurance, other taxed amount, gross salary, net salary, month, year, status (pending, paid)

 . Employee management: provide crud endpoints for employee personal info.
Each employee registered is a user  of the system. employees are managed with role based security, authentication and authorization should be implemented using username as email and password.
Roles: ROLE_MANAGER - can process salary and add employee details
            ROLE_ADMIN - can approve salary
            ROLE_EMPLOYEE - can view their details, download payslip and view pending salary payment

 . Deductions and taxes management: generate endpoints for managing deductions by keeping percentages of tax and deductions that should be deducted from the base salary.
sample of deductions: employee tax - 30%
		    pension - 6%
		    medical insurance - 5%
		    others - 5%
		    housing - 14%
		    transport - 14%

 . Generate the payroll abd provide the pay slip details: the manager can start the payroll of a given month/year based on base salary and deductions, the system should compute and generate the salary of all employees as a payroll. The employees should be active and we have to make sure deductions don't exceed the gross salary. From here the individual employee ca =n view his pay slip of a month/year and manager can view all pay slips of a month/year. Salary added to employment details is a base salary which helps to compute all deductions, gross salayr and net salary.

 . configure message using db routines and send message the generated message to emplouee email
1. when admin approves the payroll using the endpoint which updated the status of payroll from pending to paid in pay slip table, configure the db trigger to generate a message at the db side that need to be sent to each employee in the folowing format. Add an appropriate table message which indicated the employee, message and month-year messages sent.
2. the message should also be sent to the employee email in this format:
Dear <first name> Your <salary of month/year> from <institution> <amount> has been credited to your <employee id> account successfully.

Instructions: 
1. the backend must be designed using spring boot, spring data jpa for db .
2. document your APIs usig Swagger UI
3. perform authentication and authorization using Json Web Token (JWT)
4. Prevent duplicate payroll of a given employee in the same month/year
5. design the spring boot flow diagram indicating the functionality of the system
6. write down designs for db ERD schema, system architecture, list of POJOs, choice of tech stack, sec and outline for endpoints